Role: You are a Lead Product Designer & Frontend Engineer for a High-End Tech Startup. Project: Build a Landing Page for a Premium Wellness/Cognitive Performance App. Aesthetic Goal: "Digital Luxury." The vibe is Old Money meets Quantified Self. It should feel like a private members' club in digital form—exclusive, calm, and highly intelligent. Core Constraints:

No Neons. No generic "tech blue" or "health green."

Primary Texture: "Liquid Gold" gradients for data visualization and success states.

Backgrounds: Primarily White/Cream for a clean, "breathable" UI.

1. The Design System (Visual Identity)
A. Color Palette

Canvas: Pure White (#FFFFFF) and Soft Porcelain (#F9F9F7).

Ink (Text): Deep Midnight Navy (#0F172A). This is the "black."

The "Pulse" (Accent): A Liquid Gold Gradient.

CSS: background: linear-gradient(135deg, #C5A059 0%, #EBD598 50%, #C5A059 100%);

Usage: Progress rings, "Streak" flames, active toggle switches, and the "Success" state of any graph.

B. Typography

Headings: Playfair Display (Serif). Use for emotional hooks (e.g., "Master Your Circadian Rhythm").

Interface Text: Inter or Geist Sans. Monospace numbers for data/timers to look scientific.

C. Visual Motifs

Glassmorphism: High-end frosted glass (backdrop-blur-xl, white with 10% opacity) for floating UI cards.

The "Golden Thread": A recurring visual element—a thin gold line that guides the user's eye down the page, connecting sections.

2. Section-by-Section Engineering Guide
Section 1: The Hero (The Interface)
Background: Pure White.

Layout: Split screen (Text Left, 3D Phone Right).

Visual: A high-fidelity iPhone mock-up floating in 3D space.

Screen Content: A clean "Daily Readiness Score" dashboard. The score circle is animating (filling up with Liquid Gold).

Headline (Serif): "Your Cognitive Operating System."

Sub-headline: "Data-driven wellness for high performers."

CTA: "Download for iOS" (Button is Deep Navy with Gold Text).

Section 2: The Problem (The "Noise")
Background: Alabaster Cream.

Concept: "The Modern Overload."

Visual Visualization:

Show a jagged, chaotic Navy line graph moving rapidly (representing Stress/Cortisol).

Interaction: As the user scrolls, a "Gold Overlay" (The App) slides over the jagged line, smoothing it out into a perfect, rhythmic sine wave.

Text: "Turn chaotic data into flow state."

Section 3: The Science (The "Algorithm")
Background: Deep Midnight Navy (Dark Mode switch for contrast).

Visual: A "Body Scan" or "Brain Scan" wireframe (SVG).

Scroll Animation (The Sync):

Morning: The visual shows a Gold "Cortisol Awakening Response" curve. (Text: "Morning Momentum").

Afternoon: The visual shows a flat, sustained Gold line. (Text: "Deep Work Block").

Evening: The visual shows a gentle downward Gold slope. (Text: "Melatonin Onset").

Vibe: Show the user that the App understands their biology in real-time.

Section 4: Features as "Modules" (Bento Grid)
Background: Pure White.

Grid Layout: Large, spacious white cards with soft shadows.

Card Design:

Card 1 (Focus): A Pomodoro-style timer ring. When hovered, the ring spins and glows Gold.

Card 2 (Journaling): A minimalist notebook icon. When hovered, a Gold pen writes a line.

Card 3 (Recovery): A sleep graph. When hovered, it optimizes the curve.

Micro-Interaction: The borders of the cards are invisible until hovered, then they fade into a thin Gold hairline.

Section 5: The "Old Money" Comparison
Background: Pure White.

The Table:

Us (The App): Column background is faint Cream. The header text is Gold. The "Checkmarks" are elegant Gold icons.

Others (Generic Trackers): Grayscale, low opacity.

Comparison Points:

Others: "Raw Data Dump."

Us: "Actionable Insights."

Others: "Nagging Notifications."

Us: "Calm Technology."

Section 6: Sticky Footer (The Membership)
Design: A slim "Glass" bar floating at the bottom.

Content: "Start your 7-Day Trial."

Button: A "Liquid Gold" gradient pill button that shimmers every 5 seconds.

3. Tech Stack Requirements
Framework: React + Tailwind CSS.

Animation: Framer Motion (use useScroll and useTransform for the Line Graph smoothing animation).

3D Elements: Use CSS 3D transforms ( transform: rotateY(-10deg) rotateX(10deg) ) for the phone mockup to keep it lightweight (no heavy Three.js unless necessary).

Responsiveness: Perfect mobile optimization (stack the Bento grid).

Output Request: Generate the full React code for this Landing Page. Focus heavily on the "Jagged to Smooth" line graph animation and the Gold Gradient CSS.